# Especificación de Requerimientos de Software

## Historial de Revisiones

|Fecha|Version|Descripción|Autor|
| ---|   ---     | --- | --- |
|<04/13/07> |<1.0>| SRS 1.0 |Group-1|
|<04/13/07> |<1.0>| SRS 1.0 |Group-1|
|<04/13/07> |<1.0>| SRS 1.0 |Group-1|
|<04/13/07> |<1.0>| SRS 1.0 |Group-1|

## Tabla de Contenidos

- [Índice](#id1)
    - [Purpose](#id12)



<h1 style="text-align: center;">Especificación de Requerimientos de Software</h1>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"> Indice </h2> <a name="id1"></a>

The introduction of the Software Requirements Specification (SRS) provides an overview of the entire SRS with purpose, scope, definitions, acronyms, abbreviations, references and overview of the SRS. The aim of this document is to gather and analyze and give an in-depth insight of the complete Marvel Electronics and Home Entertainment software system by defining the problem statement in detail. Nevertheless, it also concentrates on the capabilities required by stakeholders and their needs while defining high-level product features. The detailed requirements of the Marvel Electronics and Home Entertainment are provided in this document.

### 1.1 Purpose <a name="id12"></a>

The purpose of the document is to collect and analyze all assorted ideas that have come up to define the system, its requirements with respect to consumers. Also, we shall predict and sort out how we hope this product will be used in order to gain a better understanding of the project, outline concepts that may be developed later, and document ideas that are being considered, but may be discarded as the product develops.

In short, the purpose of this SRS document is to provide a detailed overview of our software product, its parameters and goals. This document describes the project's target audience and its user interface, hardware and software requirements. It defines how our client, team and audience see the product and its functionality. Nonetheless, it helps any designer and developer to assist in software delivery lifecycle (SDLC) processes.

### 1.2 Scope

Primarily, the scope pertains to the E-Store product features for making Marvel Electronics and Home Entertainment project live. It focuses on the company, the stakeholders and applications, which allow for online sales, distribution and marketing of electronics.

This SRS is also aimed at specifying requirements of software to be developed but it can also be applied to assist in the selection of in-house and commercial software products. The standard can be used to create software requirements specifications directly or can be used as a model for defining a organization or project specific standard. It does not identify any specific method, nomenclature or tool for preparing an SRS.

### 1.3 Definitions, Acronyms, and Abbreviations
|Acronimo o Abreviación|Definicion|
| ---|   --- |

### 1.4 References

The references are:

- E-Store Structural Model
- E-Store Behavioral Model
- E-Store NFR Model
- Vision Draft 5

### 1.5 Overview

The remaining sections of this document provide a general description, including characteristics of the users of this project, the product's hardware, and the functional and data requirements of the product. General description of the project is discussed in section 2 of this document. Section 3 gives the functional requirements, data requirements and constraints and assumptions made while designing the E-Store. It also gives the user viewpoint of product. Section 3 also gives the specific requirements of the product. Section 3 also discusses the external interface requirements and gives detailed description of functional requirements. Section 4 is for supporting information.

---

<h2 style="text-align: center;"> 2. Overall Description </h2> <a name="id1"></a>

This document contains the problem statement that the current system is facing which is hampering the growth opportunities of the company. It further contains a list of the stakeholders and users of the proposed solution. It also illustrates the needs and wants of the stakeholders that were identified in the brainstorming exercise as part of the requirements workshop. It further lists and briefly describes the major features and a brief description of each of the proposed system.

The following SRS contains the detail product perspective from different stakeholders. It provides the detail product functions of E-Store with user characteristics permitted constraints, assumptions and dependencies and requirements subsets.

---

<h2 style="text-align: center;"> 3. Specific Requirements </h2> <a name="id1"></a>

The specific requirements are –

### 3.1 Functionality

Introduction –

This subsection contains the requirements for the e-store. These requirements are organized by the features discussed in the vision document. Features from vision documents are then refined into use case diagrams and to sequence diagram to best capture the functional requirements of the system. All these functional requirements can be traced using tractability matrix.

### 3.1.1 Sell Configured to Ordered Products.

#### 3.1.1.1 The system shall display all the products that can be configured.

#### 3.1.1.2 The system shall allow user to select the product to configure.

---

<h2 style="text-align: center;"> 4. Supporting Information </h2> <a name="id1"></a>

Please refer the following document:
<ol>
<li></li>
<li></li>
<li></li>
</ol>